after these things King Ahasuerus
promoted Haman the son of Hamad atha the
aggregate and advanced him and set his
seat above all the princes who were with
him and all the king's servants who were
within the Kings gate bound and paid
homage to Haman for so the King had
commanded concerning him but Mordecai
would not bow or pay homage then the
king's servants who were within the
Kings gate said to Mordecai
why do you transgress the king's command
now it happened when they spoke to him
daily and he would not listen to them
but they told it to Haman to see whether
Mordecai's words would stand for
Mordecai had told them that he was a Jew
when Haman saw that Mordecai did not bow
or pay him homage Haman was filled with
wrath but he disdained to lay hands on
Mordecai alone for there told him of the
people of Mordecai instead payments
sought to destroy all the Jews who were
throughout the whole kingdom of
Ahasuerus the people of Mordecai
in the first month which is the month of
Nisan in the 12th year of King Ahasuerus
they cast pur that is the lot before
Haman to determine the day in the month
until it fell on the 12th month which is
the month of ADA then Haman said to King
Ahasuerus there is a certain people
scattered and dispersed among the people
in all the provinces of your kingdom
their laws are different from all other
people's and they do not keep the Kings
laws therefore it is not fitting for the
King to let them remain if it pleases
the king let a decree be written that
they be destroyed and I will pay ten
thousand talents of silver into the
hands of those who do the work to bring
it into the Kings Treasuries so the King
took his signet ring from his hand and
gave it to Haman the son of Hamad 1/3
the aggregate the enemy of the Jews and
the King said to Haman the money and the
people are given to you to do with them
as seems good to you then the Kings
scribes were called on the 13th day of
the first month and a decree was written
according to all that Haman commanded to
the King say traps to the governor's who
were over each province to the officials
of all people to every province
according to its script and to every
people in their language
in the name of King Ahasuerus it was
written and sealed with the Kings signet
ring and the letters were sent by
couriers into all the king's provinces
to destroy to kill and to annihilate all
the genomes of young and old little
children and women in one day on the
13th day of the 12th month which is the
month of Ada and to plunder their
possessions a copy of the document was
to be issued as law in every province
being published for all people that they
should be ready for that day the
couriers went out hastened by the king's
command and the decree was proclaimed in
Shushan the citadel so the king and
Haman sat down to drink but the City of
Shushan was perplexed